this weed recipe is a great pub classic
but we are going to be using lemonade so
this is a really simple pub classic dish
with like calamari we're going to cut
our squid into rings and then batter it
in a really simple lemonade and pure
call so that's interesting very few
ingredients yeah we're going to start
with our fresh squid so Jay if you can
take this okay and now this brings
already been prepared it's been skinned
okay so it's taken off that called
cartilage at the middle all been prepped
for us by our fishmonger ups that we
need to do is cut it into rings sort of
about your finger thickness little
finger maybe okay perfect and even these
little bits at the end although they're
not uniform in shape like the rest don't
waste them they're actually grating to
squiddy's really cheap to these fresh
squid less than one pound fifty no from
the supermarket why you do that I'm
going to show you the batter which is so
simple it's more like a tempura batter
okay so you need flour this is just self
raising flour so it's light so we've got
a bit of sort of raising agent in it and
the key is ice-cold fizzy liquid so we
make tempura yeah use sparkling water
ice cold yeah to go with the squid we're
going to use a cloud eliminate all okay
so lemonade still got a few ice cubes in
there we needed to be cold okay and if
you can just whisk that in Jen have an
exception of the few ice cubes should be
completely lump free season up well salt
and pepper you can see all those bubbles
reacting with the self-raising flour as
well really light and fluffy and that's
it we've got our script ready to go you
can of course get these frozen already
in the ring so you could even get rid of
that job and we've got our batter which
is nice and smooth if you can just put
screed back into our bolt yep so we've
got over here some hot oil is that 180
degree Celsius you have got a fryer by
all means use a pan of oil on the stove
but be careful but be careful you do
need it quite precise it's too low
you'll get soggy better too high and
squid won't cook before the batter
Burton so I've got to be careful but we
want to do take this really light crispy
batter and just pop them in to our oil
probably how easy this is the squid will
cook really quickly so you want to get a
few in at once so they all cook together
perfect more leave those to cook for
that two or three minutes and to make a
nice and crispy very very simple dip to
go with it x squared we don't want a too
many flavors to overpower it so just
mayonnaise and lemon juice which you
could not juice zest if you just
destined lemon into that and plenty of
black pepper so really simple flavors do
you have fun memories of squid
I do actually it really reminds me of
sitting in Spain on the beach in a
little chillin ghee top which little
barfing out there Vito in the speedos we
appear the Sun and the beach lemon
mayonnaise goes into our dip pot we'll
start get ready to serve
we've got a little fry basket here just
because it looks kind of cool some fresh
rocket just to soak up any of that
excess grease and four-color
and over here I'll squared up already
done as one lifters I've got nice golden
color just grid in the middle cook so
just drain off any excessive amounts of
oil on there you can do tentacles they
do like this weekend yeah you don't just
have to use the body of the squid you
could do the tentacles as well that's a
little bit of salt just to season it up
as well and that's literally all you
need so slight twist from the usual by
using that cloudy lemonade but it gives
that fantastic crispy batter you can
hear that there so there we go exactly
as we want it our cloudy lemonade squid
sorted
ah let's taste this Gretchen is as good
as once you have a holiday that is
lovely
that is really good lemonade let you not
just crispy it's slightly sweet yep and
the rocket from the lemon juice mm-hmm
pink food pop food or something also
easy do double Christmas right hmm was
lovely
that's amazing Lou